I’m not much of a pizza person. So I’ll go with Sushi.
As for what is better, sushi is better than pizza for me, simply because of my health issues.
If I had to pick just one, I’d go with sushi more than pizza, but only if it could be reliably high end.
Pizza is more reliable at a low price point than sushi that are more expensive
pizza is the human equivalent of ambrosia. It is better than sushi in every conceivable way.
I love both, but to me sushi never beats a well made pizza.
Pizza is better because sushi is bland and unsatisfying.
I’d rather have pizza from my neighborhood pizza place than supermarket sushi, which costs about the same.
Pizza is easily better and more convenient than sushi
I prefer pizza my favourite pizza is Hawaiian pizza
As a half Japanese man born in Osaka that prefers rice to bread and fish to meat, I, hands down, prefer sushi to pizza
Much as I love a good pizza, if I had to choose sushi would win hands down every time.
But i guess i prefer domino’s pizza to sushi right now.
Sushi tastes better  than pizza in my opinion, and I've never quite enjoyed cheese very much. 
If I was going to only have access to one of the pizza and burger for the rest of my life, I'd go with pizza.
If you get a plain margherita pizza, which is crust, sauce, mozzarella cheese, and fresh basil leaves, then yes, it's “healthier" than a loaded burger.
If you get a meat lover's style pizza, then no, it's not “healthier" than a plain burger
I think that a burger is healthier to a typical pizza, which is loaded with sodium and processed meats.
Burgers are my chioce. No contest. I don't particularly love pizza. I can eat it.
No burger. I always prefer pizza over burger.
I love burger too anytime but pizza wins always. :))
Whilst I really love a burger, I choose pizza for a month, because its much more versatile.
mustard is one of the healthiest condiments. Mustard has fewer calories than ketchup, sweet relish or mayonnaise.
Mustard has even fewer calories than ketchup — 10 calories per tablespoon.
Yellow mustard is an excellent source of calcium and it has 320% more calcium than ketchup
If you are referring to USAmerican style ketchup, then mustard is the winner by a mile.
KETCHUUUUUP!!! Just because most people love ketchup than mustard. And that is just more popular
Not to me it doesn't. I personally really don't like ketchup, but I love mustard of all kinds
Mustard is better for you, because ketchup is half high fructose corn syrup. Sugar will destroy your body.
Mustard is meant as an anti young person poison antidote and ketchup is what all young people are attracted to
Mustard is better than ketchup, fact
Mustard. Ketchup (or catsup) is just sugary tomato sauce. Mustard is not. Therefore, it is better because it is not sugary tomato sauce. I rest my case.
Mustard is much more versatile as a condiment and used in a heck of a lot more recipes than ketchup
MH Verdict: Ketchup wins! When it comes to ketchup and mayo, ketchup is lower in calories and is fat-free
Ketchup is super liquid, super salty and super sweet at the same time and it's literally uneatable. mayonnaise is creamy and has a far better taste than ketchup.
The most surprising result wasn't that ketchup came in first, but that mayonnaise wasn't even second.
Ketchup is typically considered healthier than mayonnaise, but this depends on what type of ketchup you're using.
Compared with its competitor mayonnaise, ketchup has no fat and far fewer calories per tablespoon (mayo contains 103 calories, 12 grams fat). This makes it a healthier choice for those trying to cut out added calories.
Mayonnaise has a lot of fat and calories. Ketchup actually has beneficial lycopene and low calories.
Ketchup is typically considered healthier than mayonnaise, but this depends on what type of ketchup you're using.
Ketchup is healthier than mayonnaise, although neither is healthy in large quantities.
In terms of calories and fat content, ketchup is the winner over mayonnaise.
Ketchup is a healthier option compared to mayonnaise, especially if you're trying to cut down on your calorie intake.
While ketchup has beneficial lycopene and lower calories, mayonnaise is high in fat and calories.
Ketchup is often considered a healthier condiment than mayonnaise due to its lower calorie and fat content.
when it comes to taste, mayonnaise has a creamy and rich flavor that beats ketchup's super sweet and salty taste.
In a taste test, mayonnaise outperformed ketchup in terms of flavor and texture.
Answering as an Indian who has grown up with tea, tea is better than coffee. Tea is much healthier than coffee.
tea is better than coffee for me. beacuse
I prefer drinking tea rather than coffee. Because tea is available every where in our country but coffee is little bit expensive.
I am more of a coffee person. It is not that I dislike tea or anything, but normally, if given the choice, I would prefer to have a cup of coffee over a cup of tea.
Coffee has approximately 4 times more caffeine per cup that tea so coffee would be a better choice.
I like my tea and coffee in a particular way, just like most people do. Just saying, I prefer coffee to tea by trifold.
Tea is way better. I combined a list of things on why coffee its very damaging on your body. Take a look at my latest video, hope it helps you.
I would prefer tea as coffee is said to contain chemicals that makes one awake. I dislike any chemical in my body disallowing normal body physiology or anatomy or even biochemistry.
I just cannot image my day without tea. I mean i like coffee too .But if i am asked to choose one between tea and coffee, i would definitely choose tea.
Tea is cheaper than coffee. So, if budget is a concern, tea wins.
Tea is much better. Why? Tea tastes yummy unadulterated, all by itself. Coffee, for the most part, is funky unless you doctor it up.
TL;DR: High consumption of either is beneficial, but tea (especially green) is a bit healthier than coffee
Since mom doesn't allow coffee either tea so I will choose coffee since in the very least time drank t it tasted better than tea :)
Tea has less caffeine (too much is unhealthy) and more antioxidants compared to coffee. In this sense, tea is “better”.